Adrian learns that his customers
are frustrated that they can't easily book a table or order for
delivery from the website. He knows that these are issues he wants to
resolve so they can gain more business. You jump in to help Adrian achieve
his business goals by applying the principles of UX UI. You will start exploring UX and learning
how following UX process will enable you to solve these issues from
the user's perspective. Increasing sales and
keeping customers coming back for more. In this video,
you will learn to define what UX is and recognize that UX is a process
with several stages. UX means user experience. It includes everything related to all
the interactions that a user has with a company, its services and products. How does something like a remote control,
a phone, an app or a website feel to use? How do you feel before, during and
after interacting with the product? Can users achieve what they
want easily from a product? Does the interface provide a smooth,
enjoyable experience, making your users feel in control? Why do customers keep coming back for
more? Let's explore this a little further now. Don norman, one of the most famous
researchers in the field of design, coined the term U X. He was concerned with the experience
customers were having with the product. How could users find the product in store,
how could they get at home? What was it like opening the box,
how easy where the assembly instructions? What did it feel like to use,
was it intuitive and enjoyable, UX is about all of this? Have you ever used an appliance and you
didn't know whether it was on or off, or use an app where you had a hard
time getting what you wanted. These are problems UX can solve, a
product's features need to be discoverable so you know what you are looking for. Successful product design also
needs to converse with you, it needs to give you
feedback on your actions. You don't want your users to be confused
about why nothing happens when they click or tap a button. Considering and designing for the user and not what you think the user
wants are key to successful UX. Take a minute to think about something or
some product that has been designed intuitively and
one that makes no sense at all to use. How would you improve that design for
all users, regardless of their age and ability. What would you change? To understand what UX really is,
it's important to recognize that UX has been refined into a process which
you will explore in more detail later. But let's get a quick overview of it, so you have an idea of what
the process involves. The process is iterative, you may have to
go back to previous steps to adjust your design to suit the customers and
business goals several times. If you are designing something,
you observe people doing the task. And from that you can identify problems
that they may have completing that task. You then may have some ideas to work on. Then you prototype your
intended solution and test it. This is the process in summary. You repeat each of these stages and
the steps within them and test your design again and again until you have something
that is usable and enjoyable for everyone. Following these steps and
considering best practice methods and behaviors in current Web and product design will help you redesign the
order form of the Little Lemon website. In this video, you covered what UX is,
what the stages are and how you can apply them to
the successful redesign of a product or service by considering
your users from the start.