After speaking with Adrian, you realize that the
fact that customers are not able to
easily place an order or reserve a table through
the Little Lemon website is a usability issue and
not only a design issue. As an aspiring UX UI designer, you will need to employ
methods to help frame your thinking to deliver the
best experience to users. In this process, you will gain a better understanding of customers and their
frustrations. You need to think about aligning the customer's goals with
Adrian's business goals. In this video, you will
learn to recognize UX goals, how to consider applying
these to your thinking, and the user design process, and to identify Nielsen's
usability quality components. You will now cover usability an essential concept
in UX and UI design. Usability gauges how intuitive or easier
product is to use. Jacob Nielsen's, a highly recognized professional in
the field of usability, proposes that you can evaluate usability through five
usability components. They are learnability,
efficiency, memorability, errors,
and satisfaction. Let's start with learnability. When his customers are trying
to order for delivery, Adrian wants the process to be easy to learn from the
first time they do it. The second component
is efficiency. What if users want to
change their order? Is it easy to do, and can they do it quickly
and efficiently? Third, comes memorability. What if a user gets distracted? Is it easy to remember where
they were when they return? How quickly can they
find where they were? Next, go to usability
needs to consider errors. What if a user makes a mistake? The design should provide solutions to these mistakes and address them
before they happen. Finally, comes satisfaction. Is the website pleasant
or satisfying to use? Do users enjoy using it? Is it easy to use? Measuring user satisfaction
is not an easy task. However, you know how
it feels when you use an intuitive and
well-designed product. It helps to think
about the usability, quality components at all
stages of your design. If you consider them
from the outset, you will solve problems
earlier in the process. You now need to think about the people using your
design and consider ways in which your design can be satisfying and enjoyable
for them to use. When you use a product, you can go through a
range of emotions, from board to happy, to excited, to confused, and
sometimes giving up. Considering your
user's experience goals early is a
methodology that you can employ to help remember the ever-changing nature of
your user's experiences. You can organize your
experience goals into desirable and
undesirable aspects. Let's think about your
customer and their goals. You want your product to be
enjoyable and fun to use. You also want your design to be relaxing, satisfying,
and efficient. You will surely want
your customers to be engaged, motivated,
and stimulated. Another important point,
you won't want them to have to think too hard
to use your product. It should be intuitive.
On the other hand, you don't want your
website or app to be slow, confusing, or
complicated to use. You don't want your
customers to feel bored, frustrated, or stressed. Customers need to easily find the correct part of the site to accomplish what they want. How can your solution be helpful without being patronizing
or presumptive. For, example, when reserving
a table at Little Lemon, costumer's needs to
know if the table is available and how long
they can reserve it for. Can your design provide
this information to the user so they can feel
supported and empowered? Is the information presented clearly without being annoying? Suppose a customer is using crutches and would like
to sit by the door. Could your design potentially
satisfy this requirement? If not, can the user find this information easily
enough if they need to? Although you have not
implemented any design yet, you are considering your
users goals and needs, and thinking about
ways you can help them satisfy these through
your design solutions. In this video, you learned to recognize the
importance of UX goals, how to consider applying
these to your thinking, and the user design
process and to identify Nielsen's usability
quality components. These are key methods to inform smart and enjoyable designs. Remember, it's important to take them into account early in your process to try to avoid
problems before they happen.