You're eager to start working
on the Little Lemon website and you know you need to follow UX process
to accomplish the task successfully. So you begin to investigate
the stages of UX design. In this video you will recognize
the steps of the UX process and identify how you can apply them. Let's start exploring how following a UX
process can enable you to create a better website for Adrian. Increasing sales and
keeping customers coming back for more. UX is a very process driven discipline. There are several different models that
you can follow in carrying out a UX design or redesign. While there is no one size fits all
approach, following some key steps will help ensure the successful implementation
of a rich user experience design. Let's cover the UX process and
how you will apply it to the redesign of Little Lemons website
throughout this course. And don't worry it's okay if you don't
know what some of these terms are. Now, we will go into more detail later. The five stages of the UX
process are empathize, define ideate prototype and test. It is important to keep in mind that UX
is an iterative process which means you may have to go back to the previous
stage to adjust and refine it. Let's start with the empathize stage. You get permission to interview and observe Adrian's customers at
various stages of trying to complete tasks on the restaurant website
like ordering a meal for delivery. You want to listen to their frustrations. The key here is to understand
your user's needs. From the results of this research, you can create a persona that you can then
reference throughout the design process. You will also create an empathy,
map a scenario and journey map to empathize
more with this persona. This will also keep your ideas grounded so
to avoid making assumptions. The second stage in the process you
will follow is the defined stage. You collate and distill all of the
information collected from your users and identify the key problems and
needs that they are having. You also prioritize these frustrations or
pain points by importance. You now know who your users are,
what their frustrations are and what problems you need to solve. You will create a user needs statement
that clearly outlines the needs your users have. Once you know the issues and
who you're solving for, you can ideate. Ideating is about generating ideas. You can do this by sketching,
brainstorming, mind mapping and even handwriting notes. The key here is to keep an open mind and
not commit to one specific idea and this may be iterated
throughout the design process. To iterate is to reflect on your work and
refine and improve your design. You will sketch out your ideas into
something that will address the little lemon customers needs. You will then develop
them into wire frames. A wire frame is a two dimensional
representation of the user interface which is concerned with the placement and hierarchy of content
the functionalities that are offered. And the expected actions
that users will take. Next comes the prototype, which is
a simulation of the final product. You have iterated and refined your
ideas into a fresh new solution but you cannot assume it will work for
everyone and release it just yet. You should simulate how it will
behave first with a prototype, take your wire frame and flesh it out. Give it some color, put in some buttons
and text and make it interactive. You can simulate a real scenario for your customers to help them
achieve their required goals. Since UX is an iterative process
based on user and client feedback, you may also have to
iterate at this stage. So your ideas are constantly being refined
into something approaching a final design solution. Then you will test your design, the testing stages where you present your
solution to users and get their feedback. You create a test script with some
clear instructions focusing on achieving a task or tasks. Your test participants,
customers in this case, interact with your prototype while
trying to achieve the task at hand. Any frustrations can be communicated and
highlighted at this stage and you can go back and address them
before the next stage of the process. The final stages, the build stage, you
have listened to users empathize with them and aim to solve their needs through
iterative design techniques. You've watched them use your product and
have tweeted to make it easier and more intuitive. Now it's time to build, ensuring you
follow these steps can help ensure you are going to build a product that
addresses the needs of your users and offers a great user experience. In this video, you recognize the key
steps involved in the UX process and identified how you can apply them. You can use these tools to make the
redesign of the Little Lemon website more user friendly.